Allow multiple updates to the same field (#8658)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8226-multiple-same-field-update.md

## feature/box

> * Allow multiple update for the same field (gh-8226).

Reviewer: Lets at least mention that you mean tuple fields, not just some other fields. Also you need to write a docbot request and go through the commit messages to fix typos, add ticket references.

> * Allow multiple update for the same field (gh-8226).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Allowed multiple updates to the same tuple field in a single call (gh-8226).
```

Author: Done.
